## Cybersecurity 

Today was a wonderful day. I went to church, had lunch with some dear friends, spent the evening with my non-biological brother, finished reading pages 28-43 of Comer’s *The Ruthless Elimination of Hurry,* and plan on executing my night by writing this blog and working on my research with CMU. 

God is present today. 

When I woke up, I felt rushed because I was going to be late for the 11:30 AM service at church. In my lateness, while I was approaching church, I saw an all too familiar car behind me. I acted upon this hunch by calling my non-biological brother, Kevin Kim, and asked if he was the black Hyundai Tucson tailgating me. He answered my question with a comedic observation: ‘I see that you are late for church.’ Man, I love that guy. 

At that point in time, I speculated that today was going to be a splendid day. 

I received a wonderful sermon by Pastor James about priorities and heart. Where is our heart at? Do we want to increase our worship to God, and God alone, or do we have other idolatries we want to promote as well? Lately, I’ve been struggling immensely on prioritization, especially in a secular sense. Meaning, I spend long hours watching videos, playing games, and aimlessly surfing the internet. In one of my YouTube videos, I mentioned that I battle with procrastination. The ratio of productive things that I do in a day compared to unproductive ones is 6:4. On top of this, I just received news that the paper deadline for the research I’m doing at CMU shifted to two weeks prior. 

All of these things piled on top of each other, normally, I would be panicking or wallowing in the low self-worth that I fabricated. But, God is good and he has absolutely spoken to me today: ‘Trust in Me.’ 

I’ve heard this saying thousands of times but today I **heard** it. Trust is something that we, as humans, need. Sadly, it is deeply missing in the world we live in. Because of lack of trust in others and even the self, we go through immense measures to retrieve temporary security. And before this temporary security runs dry, we try to create or imitate reliability as quickly and smoothly as possible. 

This theoretical concept can be intercorrelated with today’s reading. Comer extensively goes over the timeline of technological advances and reviews their tradeoffs. With the invention of the clock, we were able to schedule and organize our days accordingly. With the lightbulb, we became our own masters of when the day should start. With various labor-saving devices, such as laundry machines and dishwashers, we expanded the time to do other things instead of furiously grating clothes on a ribbed rack. When computers and the internet were born, the world was more streamline than ever. With one click of a button, you can communicate how your day went to a relative across the world in a matter of seconds.  As we arrive in the 21st century, nearly every person on the earth has access to a cellular device that fits inside one’s pockets with more compute power than the rocket shuttles that flew to the moon. 

When I read this pretty-obvious negative view on technological advances, I had the same reaction you had while reading the previous paragraph. What’s wrong with this guy? Isn’t he grateful that we can live comfortably and spend time on more important things? Don’t you use the same technologies that you are currently bashing on? Well, yes. I do. In fact, I probably love them more than you do. I study them for a living. Every day, I literally try to find the most optimal machine learning algorithm that will learn features efficiently from a set of given data. However, I must agree with Comer’s emphasis on the cons of the technological advances that has undergone the last half century. Did these labor-saving devices do its job to save time? No! In fact, Americans work more hours a week than ever before. Comer interestingly points out that in the past, the sign of success was leisure and relaxing, but today, it’s busyness. If you are in and out of meetings all day, working on personal projects, traveling around the world, keeping up with family and friends, and finishing the day off by hopping around various nightclubs and bars, you are defined as successful. 

I am not here to invalidate these things as good things, but I want to communicate these notes and hopefully raise some questions or challenges. Why are we working so hard for these things? What drives our essence to stay busy? Perhaps, busyness helps us feel secure. Perhaps, our outward appearance to the world makes us feel secure. Our security is our identity and I believe that the things that Comer has been aggressively listing off are all temporary securities. There must be something more. Perhaps, that is God. To me, that is God. To you, well, I don’t know. Good luck in finding it! 
